[instrumental music]
[crackers bursting]
[dramatic music]
[music continues]
[sirens wailing]
[firing]
[music continues]
[crackers bursting]
[zapping]
[sword swishing]
[air hissing]
[intense music]
[alarms blaring]
[Lloyd]
'Nice masks.'
[Lloyd grunts]
You could almost pass
as a ninja.
[intense music]
[whizzing]
[grunting]
[panting]
[intense music]
[screams]
[siren wailing]
Oh, man!
[dramatic music]
[engine revving]
P.I.X.A.L., I need my car.
[P.I.X.A.L.]
'Your coordinates,
Master Lloyd.'
Somewhere over..
You know how to find me.
[engine revving]
[parachute flapping]
[engine revs]
[grunts]
[laughs]
I could kiss you, Pix.
[P.I.X.A.L]
'I don't think
Zane would approve.'
[dramatic music]
thud
Who am I chasing?
'He or she is not
in our database.'
[Lloyd]
'Whoever they are, they're good.
I need back up.'
[P.I.X.A.L.]
'All of the others are on active
missions throughout Ninjago.'
'You are on your own.'
[engine revving]
[dramatic music]
[vehicle honking]
vroom
[tires screeching]
thud
vroom
[tires screeching]
[whirring]
thud
[grunts]
[P.I.X.A.L]
'Master Lloyd, are you alright?'
- 'Are you there?'
- Yeah, I'm here.
It's time to get the team back.
[dramatic music]
[male narrator]
Episode 75,
"The Mask of Deception."
[instrumental music]
[grunts]
The sun is blistering.
- Faster!
- You heard your master.
Work!
phat
You there! Peasant!
Bring me water.
You hear me?
Bring me some water!
Thirsty?
[gasps]
It's..
The Master of Water.
Nya!
I don't care. Get her!
[grunting]
[dramatic music]
Still thirsty?
[grunting]
[crowd cheering]
[beeping]
[door rumbling]
[air hissing]
[screaming]
Cole, you're my friend,
but right now
you're my worst enemy.
You have no idea
how time travel works.
If someone goes back in time
and alters the past
our reality, as we know it
would change.
We could look totally different
and not even know it.
But we don't.
Thus, Master Wu must have
slipped into a time stream
into the future.
Whenever he is,
it's been a year.
It's time we find him.
Uh, hi. Sorry to bother you.
Cole, Master of Earth.
Uh, this is Jay,
master of blabber.
Lighting!
We heard that an old man
who lost his memory
wandered in from the cold,
about so high
long beard and drinks
a lot of tea.
I told you not to introduce
yourself as the Master of Earth.
No one knows what that means.
No, you, bolt head. Everyone
here took a vow of silence.
Can you point us to him?
Thank you. I-I like your place.
Wait, if it's him
and he lost his memory
don't remind him of that stupid
TV show I once hosted, okay?
Uh, Master Wu..
Oh, come on! We came all this
way and it's not him?
Ah! That-that's it. I quit!
I'm tired of losing people
in my life.
Wu would never quit on us
and we're not quitting on him.
If he's really still out there,
couldn't he
at least send a letter
from the future?
Or leave a message
to stand the test of time?
He's wise. He'd find a way.
We just have to keep looking.
Yeah, you do that
and while you're at it
I'll be doing something more
useful, like being a ninja.
Ha! Some ninja you are.
You talk more than you fight.
At least, I'm entertaining,
all you do
is judge and act like you
know everythin--
[yelling]
Would you stop fighting?
Way to break your vow.
- Huh! Oh, no! I spoke too.
- Uh, ha!
I knew you didn't have it
in you.
I've been holding this in
but I just wanna say,
I hate doing your dishes.
Well, if everyone's doin' it,
I'm doin' it too.
[beeping]
Uh-oh! That's our cue.
Gotta run.
[blizzard blowing]
[P.I.X.A.L.]
'Zane,
Master Lloyd requires Kai'
'and your attention
in Ninjago City.'
- Is it serious?
- 'It appears so.'
'Did I catch you at a bad time?'
Zane, a little help?
Calling off the press
the Mechanic is back, Ninjago.
[zapping]
[instrumental music]
Ah, whoever said,
"Fight fire with fire"
didn't know
what they were talkin' about.
- We will be there shortly.
- Watch out for the cross fire.
Hey, you're stealing my lines.
[thudding]
[The Mechanic screams]
Who likes ice cream? I do!
How was that for a last line,
Kai? Can we leave now?
Needs a little work.
You gotta have to give me
a minute to thaw though.
[instrumental music]
[laughter]
Hey, there he is. You're late.
Kai was late too,
if it is any consolation.
Thanks for meeting me here.
It's been a while since we've
all been under one roof.
[laughs]
What?
Are we gonna talk about it?
Talk about what?
- Your voice, it's..
- Lower.
Sounds like
our little ninja's growin' up.
Leave him alone.
[sighs]
Any word from your mother?
Not since she went searching
for Master Wu.
- I don't know where she is.
- She'll come back, Lloyd.
And, so will Wu.
Not everyone comes back, Cole.
But that isn't why
I called you here.
I called you because of this.
[beeping]
Your father, Lord Garmadon?
After poking around, I've
learned it's the symbol to--
The Sons of Garmadon.
The mysterious criminal
syndicate
'growing to prominence
in Ninjago city.'
Seventy-two hours ago,
they stole a powerful relic
from Cyrus Borg.
- Some mask--
- Not some mask.
The Oni Mask.
There are only three
in existence.
Whoa! I'm confused.
How can there be three masks
when you just said
it's the only mask?
Not only, Jay. "Oni!"
The Oni are said to be
all-powerful beings.
Demon that predate Ninjago.
Each mask embodies
one of the three Oni warlords.
If all three masks are united,
whomever owns them
will wield tremendous power.
Ninja, this is Mr. Hutchins.
Master at arms
and counsel to the Royal Family.
- I've asked him here.
- The Royal Family.
Apologies,
if you aren't familiar.
They honor their privacy
as they do the safety
of Ninjago.
Let me guess,
they have an Oni Mask too?
Two? Now, there's two?
The Emperor will be delivering
a public speech tomorrow
and I'm worried
the Sons of Garmadon
may try to steal the mask.
We could use your assistance
that is if you can keep
a low profile.
We're ninja.
No one will know we're there.
Just let us know where and when.
[instrumental music]
[Emperor]
'As many of you know, my family
has kept a private life.'
'We aren't interested in
meddling with current affairs.'
'But as crime has risen,
so has our concern.'
'So, it is time to step out
of the shadows'
and into the light.
[crowd cheering]
I don't like this one bit.
The Royal Family
likes their privacy
why give such a public speech?
I think it's nice. They're
reaching out to the people.
Why all the hate, sis? You just
don't like getting gussied up.
[Nya]
'All that gold and glitter
is for show.'
'The Royal Family
are figure heads.'
'They don't have
any real power.'
'What purpose do they have?'
Their purpose is to be protected
as do all our traditions.
I believe Master Lloyd has
spotted something of interest.
[instrumental music]
[Zane]
'Looks like he's got an eye
for the princess.'
[Kai]
I guess,
green is her favorite color.
You do know I can hear you,
right?
- 'We must..'
- The Emperor's almost finished.
Let's just do our job.
...and always stay united.
[crowd cheering]
Be on the lookout.
[cameras clicking]
I see--
[crackers bursting]
[crowd screaming]
Is the threat clear?
[fireworks crackling]
Huh! Firecrackers! False alarm.
[crowd cheering]
Huh,
you protected the Royal Family.
You have their gratitude.
You're invited to be their
guests in the palace.
Huh, no one ever gets invited
into the palace.
Are you sure they meant us?
It's just a palace. You've seen
one, you've seen 'em all.
We'd be honored.
[instrumental music]
Welcome to the Royal Place
also known
as the "Palace of Secrets."
Ooh, why do they call it
the Palace of Secrets?
Ah, if I were to tell you that
then it wouldn't
be a secret now, would it?
[indistinct chatter]
Look at that.
I already feel royal.
It's beautiful.
Yeah. I could really get used
to living in a place like this.
Well, don't.
We're only here as guests.
Then,
back to protecting Ninjago.
Hmph, too much gold
in my opinion.
I present to you the exalted
Emperor and Empress of Ninjago.
And their daughter
the jade princess
'Princess Harumi.'
We're honored by your presence.
The honor is all ours.
I have read much about you.
Your heroics
will surely become legend.
Kai, the hot-head who acts
without question.
Cole, the rock and foundation
of the team.
Jay, the joker whose mouth
is as fast as lightning.
Zane, the cold
and calculating android.
Nindroid, your highness.
And, Nya, the girl.
The girl I've wanted to be
ever since I first heard
about her.
With her mastery of water
and her skill
that could rival any master.
I like her.
And Master Lloyd,
the green ninja.
'The youngest,
but most powerful protector.'
The chosen one.
I too have lost my parents.
'But we're both
not without family.'
We adopted Harumi
and raised her as our own..
...when her parents passed away.
Thank you for inviting us
into your home.
It wasn't us.
It was our daughter.
And she would like you
to stay with us
until the threat
to our throne is over.
These are troubling times.
'And as long as we have
an Oni Mask'
we fear our lives
are in jeopardy.
The masks
must never be reunited.
Please, say yes.
Then you have our help.
Great, then Mr. Hutchins
can show you the palace.
Yes!
While you're in our service
you have full access
to the complementary
royal buffet.
Anything you want
is at your disposal.
Exotic fruits,
assorted vegetables
scones,
and all you can eat cake.
Ah, thank you,
but I gave up sweets.
My body is a temple.
Ever since
Master Wu went missing
Cole has been
a real party-pooper.
"Party-pooper?"
I'll explain later.
The palace is equipped
with secret passages
to get anywhere fast.
Ah, so that's why they call it
the Palace of Secrets.
Yes, but as to the locations
of the secret passages
only the Royal Family knows.
Sure, you mean,
like, right here?
- Nope.
- Or here?
- Not there.
- 'Or right here?'
- No.
- Then, how about here?
- Here? Or Here?
- 'No. Nope!'
- Ah, here, or this way.
- No. Nope.
- 'Here?'
- Wrong.
- This gotta be it.
- Wrong again.
This is a big one.
- 'Here?'
- No.
Ah, ha, ha. We'll clean up
after ourselves.
[instrumental music]
Anyone else think
there's something
a little off about this guy?
He's holding something back.
And finally,
the reason for your protection.
The Mask of Deception!
[intense music]
Ugh, a face
only a mother could love.
Why would anyone want that?
That's up to us to figure out.
Just being in the same room with
it gives me the heebie-jeebies.
If this is the Mask of Deception
what was stolen
from Borg Industries?
The Mask of Vengeance.
And who has the third one?
No one knows the location
of the Mask of Hatred.
But my sensors tell me
it won't be lost for long.
Zane is correct.
'Though no one has found
the third mask'
'it has given the Royal Family
a little resolve.'
[instrumental music]
But we know dark forces
are looking to acquire it.
And that's why we need eyes
on it at all times.
Don't worry, we're ninja.
We're experts
at this kind of thing.
[instrumental music]
All clear.
You too. Wait! Look.
[tile clattering]
Who's watching who?
Ah! Mm!
Are you sure you don't want any?
This cake is delicious.
Eh, my body is a temple.
[chomping]
Mm.
Well, the buffet is clear
of any threats.
And, they're out of bologna.
Can we discuss now,
what is a "Party-pooper?"
[sighs]
Jay's upset
I'm the responsible one.
With Master Wu gone,
someone has to keep us in check.
In that case,
you are correct.
You are responsible.
It is nice to have a pooper
at the party.
[laughing]
So, you're
the Mask of Deception.
[glass shattering]
Princess?
Princess Harumi?
Are you there?
[eerie music]
[theme music]